# Erik Wahlberger - Individual reflection week 2

- **What do I want to learn or understand better?** I believe my motivation is still aligned the same way as last week: I want to learn more about the agile methods, and especially how to properly use them within a team in order to efficiently develop software and drive a project forward. The team has still not been able to *properly* start using the Scrum methods of working since we have not started our first sprint yet. The plan is to begin with our first sprint next week, so hopefully I will have some good insights to share regarding this in next week's reflection.
- **How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?** As described above, the team has not yet begun developing the project since the goal for this week was to develop a rough idea for the project scope. We did however decide on what type of project that we will develop: An Android application. I have previous experience with developing Android applications in Java, many years ago. So I believe that I have the necessary knowledge to help less experienced team members to get up to speed with their development environments, e.g. which IDE we can use to develop the app, how to setup the Android SDK and get the Android simulator running etc. I believe that this can easily be done during a call with the team during next week. If the team members decide that they want to try and setup everything themselves, then I can just standby and help them with potential problems as they arise.
- **What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?**
This question is still very much difficult to answer since we haven't officially started using scrum yet. However, I feel like I could have the role of trying to enforce that we are actually doing things "the scrum way", e.g. not deviating from it by developing things without having scrum meetings and user stories defined. More to come on this subject during next week when the team will actually start using the scrum method of working.
- **What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?**
During this week, the team deliverable has been the project scope in the form of a mockup and business canvas. I have been actively contributing to the business canvas by participating in a call with the team members where we discussed the different parts of the business plan canvas and what to put into it. I have not been active with the mockup, because the idea itself came from our team member Daniel, who had a clear vision on how the app could take form. Since Daniel also offered to take on the role as product owner, it felt natural that he also did the mockup of the app.